feat: version bump celestia-da to v0.12.9 and op stack version compat with v0.12.9 (#1369)
celestiaorg/docs: developers/optimism-devnet.md

### Implementation of fallback

The Ethereum fallback mechanism is implemented in the
[celestiaorg/optimism](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/tree/release-v1.1.0)
v1.1.0 release.

The `op-batcher/batcher/driver.go` and
`op-node/rollup/derive/calldata_source.go` files are part of the Ethereum
fallback mechanism in the `op-batcher` and `op-node` respectively.

> In [`driver.go`, the `sendTransaction` function is responsible for the write path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/9c6a1db78bc1da08b1e36548ebedf3d9a97e6dcc/op-batcher/batcher/driver.go#L359-L389)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [`driver.go`, the `calldataTxCandidate` function is responsible for the write path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/release-v1.1.0/op-batcher/batcher/driver.go#L405-L419)
```

> In [`driver.go`, the `sendTransaction` function is responsible for the write path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/9c6a1db78bc1da08b1e36548ebedf3d9a97e6dcc/op-batcher/batcher/driver.go#L359-L389)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [`driver.go`, the `calldataTxCandidate` function is responsible for the write path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/release-v1.1.0/op-batcher/batcher/driver.go#L405-L419)
```

```

In `calldata_source.go`,

> [the `DataFromEVMTransactions` function defines the read path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/9c6a1db78bc1da08b1e36548ebedf3d9a97e6dcc/op-node/rollup/derive/calldata_source.go#L138-L185)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[the `DataFromEVMTransactions` function defines the read path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/release-v1.1.0/op-node/rollup/derive/calldata_source.go#L102-L139)
```
